Creating OCP performance guide (#564)
RedHatInsights/red-hat-ansible-automation-platform-documentation: downstream/modules/platform/ref-schedule-jobs-worker-nodes.adoc

[id="ref-schedule-jobs-worker-nodes"]

= Scheduling jobs on the worker nodes

In short, both controller and kubernetes play a role in scheduling a job.  

> When a job is launched, its dependencies are fulfilled, meaning any project updates or inventory updates are launched by Controller.s" settings respected, etc. 

Author: I don't understand the end of this sentence.  Should it be Controller.s" settings resepcted. It doesn't seem to make sense.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a job is launched, its dependencies are fulfilled, meaning any project updates or inventory updates are launched as indicated by settings on each resource (project update on launch, etc.)
```

[id="ref-schedule-jobs-worker-nodes"]

= Jobs scheduled on the worker nodes

Both {ControllerName} and kubernetes play a role in scheduling a job.  

> When a job is launched, its dependencies are fulfilled, meaning any project updates or inventory updates are launched as indicated by settings on each resource, such as project update on launch. 

Author: @kdelee Can you comment?
